Collection controller documentation (#11)
kuzzleio/sdk-dart: doc/2/controllers/collection/update-specifications/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: updateSpecifications
description: Update the validation specifications
---

# updateSpecifications

The updateSpecifications method allows you to create or update the validation specifications for a collection.

> When the validation specification is not formatted correctly, a detailed error message is returned to help you to debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the validation specification is not formatted correctly, a detailed error message is returned to help you fix it.
```
